I have a question, I have this game I am almost finihsed making, 
but I am running into what I think is a problem with composer.
try playing my game in https://amjp.psy-k.org/tom-burger/Play-Tom-Burger-HTML5.html
you will find you can finish the level twice, but the thind time you finish the level
and click on start on dailyScoresScreen.lua it will crash with error indicaring that in
line 299 of game.lua that sceneGroup is nil. since it works twice I dont get why it wont
work a third or more times.

 (you can clear a level just by avoiding hte mouse and the poop if you wnat,
I have made the time go by quickly, so what woudl notmally take 8 minutes just takes a short time)

this is my github https://github.com/amigojapan/TomBurger3Solar2d 

I think the problem is either is dailyScoresScreen.lua or in game.lua.

all help appreciated!, 

    amigojapan


Tom is a normal guy,
he studies engineering, 
to be able to pay for his
studies he works in the
kitchen of a burger restaurant. 

With the help of this app Tom
knows what he has to do to
make his job go well... 
follow the instructions. 

Press the ? in the game
to see the instructions

トムはITを勉強している男の子です。
学費を稼ぐために、
ハンバーガー屋さんのキッチンで
働いています。

このアプリをプレイしてトムと
一緒に仕事を覚えましょう。

操作方法はマニュアルに従ってください。
ゲーム内で「?」を押すと、
マニュアルが表示されます。

Tom es un chico normal, 
estudia ingenieria y para
poder pagarse los estudios
trabaja en la cocina de una
hamburgueseria.

Con ayuda de esta aplicacion
Tom sabe que tiene que hacer
para que vaya bien su trabajo...

sigue las instrucciones.
preciona la ? en el juego
para ver las instrucciones




hi, I would like to ask a favor finding a bug in my code, there seems to be a bug that only happens in android in this code
https://github.com/amigojapan/TomBurger3Solar2d/blob/main/game.lua
on the simulator the game ends then life is less then 11.
n line 1929 and 1929, in the simulator when I comment out either line, the game just goes into a blank screen instead of going to the menu... but with bothe lines it goes in properly...
eventho it is working in the simulator, only in Android, when the mouse and the person collide, one or both of them get stuck... but this does not happen in the simulator.

here is the HTML5 version, which does not suffer form the bug. https://amjp.psy-k.org/tom-burger/Play-Tom-Burger-HTML5.html

and here is the APK https://amjp.psy-k.org/tom-burger/TomBurger3.apk

this is hte github where all hte code is at: https://github.com/amigojapan/TomBurger3Solar2d/tree/main

all help greatly appreciated!
    Amigojapan

https://forums.solar2d.com/t/hi-sorry-to-bother-you-again-but-i-ran-into-another-problem-i-cant-seem-to-solve-after-addign-the-enterframe-event/356729
hi,
so yes, i added the event listener for
addframe, and after I did that is seems to be looping
in my endgame scenario even-tho I go to another
screen, so after playing a couple of times, it seems to enter an eternal look of printing print(“Game Over”) and print(“goto menu”)
on lines 1845 1847 of game.lua

I saw a few posts of people trying to fix such a problem, but I tried their solution which I pun on
line 154
which is

if ( phase == "will" ) then
		Runtime:removeEventListener( "enterFrame", enterFrame ) 

sorry to be bothering you so much, but I cat seem to solve it…
and thanks in advanced for all your help!


https://forums.solar2d.com/t/i-think-this-is-probably-my-last-question/356772

hello again Siu, I have one more question...
my game I think it really almost done, but now that
I tested it on android, we noticed that
the screen controls dont respond very well.
 I think the cause is on like 22224, where I am
cancellign the repetition timer in
event.phase == "ended" or event.phase == "moved" or event.phase == "cancelled"
of game.lua.
I tried removing event.phase == "moved" from that
but then the character keeps on moving when I move the finger while touching...
in this condition it is possible to control the character, but the movement gets
cancelled with just the tinyest movement of the finger while touching...

do you know how i can make the controls confortable to use?

here is a copy of the APK, if you have an android device to try it...

https://www.transfernow.net/en/bld?utm_source=tomburger3beta28

here is my github's game.lua

https://github.com/amigojapan/TomBurger3Solar2d/blob/main/game.lua

Thanks in advanced!
    amigojapan


new game, word chomper?

{"category": "vehicle", "Japanese": "自転車", "English": "Bycicle", "Spanish": "Bicicleta"},





tom buurger html5 https://amjp.psy-k.org/tom-burger/Play-Tom-Burger-HTML5.html Beta testing bug submition form https://forms.gle/cN2TBi8ftVZBWULT6

You are now starting a 3 day
trial period of Tom Burger 3,
if you like the game please
consider purchasing the full
version after the trial period ends.

今から３日間の
お試し期間 が始まります。
このゲームが気に入って
くださいましたら、
是非フルバージョンを
お買い求めください。

Esta usted comensando una
temporada de 3 dias de prueba
de Tom Burger3. Si le gusta el juego,
porfavor considere comprar la version
completa.

Your 3 day trial period is over
if you like the game please
consider purchasing the full
version.

今から３日間の
お試し期間が終わりました。
このゲームが気に入って
くださいましたら、
是非フルバージョンを
お買い求めください。

Su temporada de 3 dias de prueba
de Tom Burger3 se ha terminado.
Si le gusta el juego,porfavor
considere comprar la version
completa.


Lingo Heroine:

In the following screen, you will take
a quiz. Select 8 words from the
category you chose. For each word you
get right, you will earn a star in 
Paczel(the battle screen). For each
word you get wrong, a monster will
appear in Paczel. Paczel will appear
after the timer runs out if you got any
words wrong. You can also long tap a
word to hear its sound.

quiz explanation:
In the following screen, you will take
a quiz. Select 8 words from the
category you chose. 
You can also long tap a
word to hear its sound.

In Paczel, use the arrows to move.
Collect stars and press the spacebar
 or red button to shoot monsters.
You will get a great fireball
(for long distance attacks) for each
star.
You also have an ice attack
(for short distance attacks.)


En la siguiente pantalla, harás un
cuestionario. Selecciona 8 palabras de
la categoría que elegiste. Por cada 
palabracorrecta, ganarás una estrella
en Paczel (la pantalla de batalla). Por
cada palabra incorrecta, aparecerá un
monstruo en Paczel. Paczel aparecerá
después de que se acabe el tiempo si
cometiste algún error. También puedes
tocar y mantener presionada y soltar
una palabra para escuchar su sonido.

quiz explanation:
En la siguiente pantalla, harás un
cuestionario. Selecciona 8 palabras de
la categoría que elegiste. 
También puedes tocar y mantener
presionada y soltar
una palabra para escuchar su sonido.


En Paczel, usa las flechas para moverte.
Recoge estrellas y presiona la barra
espaciadora o el botón rojo para disparar.
Recibirás una gran bola de fuego 
(para ataques a larga distancia) por cada
estrella.
También tienes un ataque de hielo
(para ataques a corta distancia).

次の画面でクイズを行います。
選んだカテゴリから8つの単語を
選択してください。正解した単語
ごとにPaczel(戦闘画面)で星を
獲得します。間違えた単語ごとに
Paczelにモンスターが現れます。
タイマーが切れると、間違えた
単語がある場合にPaczelが現れます。
単語をタップして長押しすると
その音声を聞くことができます。

quiz explanation:
次の画面でクイズを行います。
選んだカテゴリから8つの単語を
選択してください。
単語をタップして長押しすると
その音声を聞くことができます。


Paczelでは、矢印を使って移動します。
星を集め、スペースバーまたは赤いボタン
を押してモンスターを撃ちます。
星1つごとに大きな火の玉（遠距離攻撃用）
を得られます。また、氷の攻撃
（近距離攻撃用）も使用できます。


Tsugi no gamen de kuizu o
okonaimasu. Eranda kategori
kara yattsu no tango o
sentaku shite kudasai. 
Seikai shita tango goto ni
Paczel (sentō gamen) de
hoshi o kakutoku shimasu.
Machigaeta tango goto ni
Paczel ni monsutā ga
arawaremasu.
Taimaa ga kireru to, machigaeta
tango ga aru baai ni Paczel ga
arawaremasu. Tango o tappu shite
nagaoshi suru to sono osei o
kiku koto ga dekimasu.

quiz explanation:
Tsugi no gamen de kuizu o
okonaimasu. Eranda kategori
kara yattsu no tango o
sentaku shite kudasai. 
Tango o tappu shite nagaoshi
suru to sono onsei o kiku koto
ga dekimasu.


Paczel de wa, yajirushi o 
tsukatte idō shimasu.
Hoshi o atsume, supēsuvā mata
wa akai botan o oshite monsutā 
o uchimasu. Hoshi hitotsu goto
ni ōkina hi no tama 
(enkyori kōgeki-yō)
o eraremasu. Mata, kōri
no kōgeki (kyokyori kōgeki-yō) 
mo shiyō dekimasu.
